csharp-sample/README.md, before:

---------------------------------------
# PallyCon CPIX Client Sample for C#
This sample shows the client code for CPIX communication with PallyCon KMS server in C# language. The sample project uses the C++/CLI Wrapper project, which wraps the CPIX Client C++ library.



---------------------------------------
## **Requirements**
- .NET 6.0
- Visual Studio 2022 (Windows 10/11)
- KMS token

  - This is an API authentication token that is generated when you sign up PallyCon service.

  
---------------------------------------
## **How to build and test**
1. Clone or download this sample repository.

2. Open the solution file(*pallycon-cpix-client-csharp-sample.sln*) through Visual Studio 2022.

3. Enter the `encToken` and `contentId`, build the project, and run the Sample.

4. If the project runs successfully, it will show the response organized in JSON format on the sample console screen that was run, and also save this JSON data to a file.

   - Originally, CPIX Responses are received in XML format, but <u>for readability, the sample creates them in json format</u>.
   
   
---------------------------------------
## **Function parameters**
You can set the parameters of the function based on the packaging scenario you require.

```c#
ContentPackagingInfo GetContentKeyInfosFromPallyConKMS(String^ cid, DrmType drmType, EncryptionScheme encryptionScheme, TrackType trackType, long periodIndex);

public enum class EncryptionScheme {
    CENC,
    CBC1,
    CENS,
    CBCS
};

public enum class DrmType {
    WIDEVINE = (1 << 0),
    PLAYREADY = (1 << 1),
    FAIRPLAY = (1 << 2),
    NCG = (1 << 3),
    HLS_NCG = (1 << 4),
};

public enum class TrackType {
    ALL_TRACKS,
    AUDIO = (1 << 0),
    SD = (1 << 1),
    HD = (1 << 2),
    UHD1 = (1 << 3),
    UHD2 = (1 << 4)
};
```

***DrmType*** and ***TrackType*** are bit flags with bitwise operations, so you can set multiple values using the OR(`|`) operator, such as `WIDEVINE|PLAYREADY` or `SD|HD|AUDIO`.

If you want to enable key rotation, you can put a value greater than 0 in `periodIndex`.



> NOTE : NCG and HLS_NCG types are only support single-key.



---------------------------------------

## **Output json data format**

The items of the output data includes all data such as hex encoded, base64 encoded, payload_only, etc. so that you can easily copy and paste it into each packaging service.

- **Single-key** sample

  ```json
  {
    "content_id": "demotest",
    "content_key_list": [
      {
        "key_id_hex": "CBBC38B6B50DAB53F8263E06B7382AA3",
        "key_id_b64": "y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow==",
        "key_hex": "32333232314537424546393634414439",
        "key_b64": "MjMyMjFFN0JFRjk2NEFEOQ==",
        "iv_hex": "30313233343536373839616263646566",
        "iv_b64": "MDEyMzQ1Njc4OWFiY2RlZg==",
        "widevine": {
          "pssh": "AAAATHBzc2gAAAAA7e+LqXnWSs6jyCfc1R0h7QAAACwIARIQy7w4trUNq1P4Jj4GtzgqoxoMaW5rYWVudHdvcmtzIghkZW1vdGVzdA==",
          "pssh_payload_only": "CAESEMu8OLa1DatT+CY+Brc4KqMaDGlua2FlbnR3b3JrcyIIZGVtb3Rlc3Q="
        },
        "playready": {
          "pssh": "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",
          "pssh_payload_only": "cgIAAAEAAQBoAjwAVwBSAE0ASABFAEEARABFAFIAIAB4AG0AbABuAHMAPQAiAGgAdAB0AHAAOgAvAC8AcwBjAGgAZQBtAGEAcwAuAG0AaQBjAHIAbwBzAG8AZgB0AC4AYwBvAG0ALwBEAFIATQAvADIAMAAwADcALwAwADMALwBQAGwAYQB5AFIAZQBhAGQAeQBIAGUAYQBkAGUAcgAiACAAdgBlAHIAcwBpAG8AbgA9ACIANAAuADMALgAwAC4AMAAiAD4APABEAEEAVABBAD4APABQAFIATwBUAEUAQwBUAEkATgBGAE8APgA8AEsASQBEAFMAPgA8AEsASQBEACAAQQBMAEcASQBEAD0AIgBBAEUAUwBDAFQAUgAiACAAQwBIAEUAQwBLAFMAVQBNAD0AIgBIAEUAcwB2AGwAWABVAHgAbgBXAHcAPQAiACAAVgBBAEwAVQBFAD0AIgB0AGoAaQA4AHkAdwAyADEAVQA2AHYANABKAGoANABHAHQAegBnAHEAbwB3AD0APQAiAD4APAAvAEsASQBEAD4APAAvAEsASQBEAFMAPgA8AC8AUABSAE8AVABFAEMAVABJAE4ARgBPAD4APABMAEEAXwBVAFIATAA+AGgAdAB0AHAAcwA6AC8ALwBsAGkAYwBlAG4AcwBlAC4AcABhAGwAbAB5AGMAbwBuAC4AYwBvAG0ALwByAGkALwBsAGkAYwBlAG4AcwBlAE0AYQBuAGEAZwBlAHIALgBkAG8APAAvAEwAQQBfAFUAUgBMAD4APAAvAEQAQQBUAEEAPgA8AC8AVwBSAE0ASABFAEEARABFAFIAPgA="
        },
        "fairplay": {
          "key_uri": "skd://y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow=="
        }
      }
    ]
  }
  ```



#### The XML value in the CPIX Response that matches the key value in the json data

| Json key                                 | CPIX Response                                         |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| content_id                               | `id` attribute in **`<cpix:CPIX>`** tag               |
| key_id                                   | `kid` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag        |
| key                                      | Text value of **`<pskc:PlainValue>`** tag             |
| iv                                       | `explicitIV` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag |
| pssh (Widevine & PlayReady)              | Text value of **`<cpix:PSSH>`** tag                   |
| pssh_payload_only (Widevine & PlayReady) | Text value of **`<cpix:ContentProtectionData>`** tag  |
| key_uri (FairPlay)                       | Text value of **`<cpix:URIExtXKey>`** tag             |

For CPIX Response, please refer to [PallyCon CPIX API Guide](https://pallycon.com/docs/ko/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/).



---------------------------------------

## References

- [PallyCon CPIX Client Sample for C++](https://github.com/inka-pallycon/pallycon-cpix-api-client/tree/main/cpp)
- https://dashif-documents.azurewebsites.net/Cpix/master/Cpix.html
- https://pallycon.com/docs/en/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/

---------------------------------------

Commit message:

v1.2.0 (#1)
* Fix to support builds on Linux OS

* Add #include <memory>

* Modify the interface of CpixClient class to allow users to enter Get parameter such as key-rotation and enc-token in the KMS URL.

* Update versioning

csharp-sample/README.md, after:

---------------------------------------
# PallyCon CPIX Client Sample for C#
This sample shows the client code for CPIX communication with PallyCon KMS server in C# language. The sample project uses the C++/CLI Wrapper project, which wraps the CPIX Client C++ library.



---------------------------------------
## **Requirements**
- .NET 6.0
- Visual Studio 2022 (Windows 10/11)
- KMS token

  - This is an API authentication token that is generated when you sign up PallyCon service.

  
---------------------------------------
## **How to build and test**
1. Clone or download this sample repository.

2. Open the solution file(*pallycon-cpix-client-csharp-sample.sln*) through Visual Studio 2022.

3. Enter the `kmsUrl` and `contentId`, build the project, and run the Sample.

4. If the project runs successfully, it will show the response organized in JSON format on the sample console screen that was run, and also save this JSON data to a file.

   - Originally, CPIX Responses are received in XML format, but <u>for readability, the sample creates them in json format</u>.
   
   
---------------------------------------
## **Function parameters**
You can set the parameters of the function based on the packaging scenario you require.

```c#
ContentPackagingInfo GetContentKeyInfosFromPallyConKMS(String^ cid, DrmType drmType, EncryptionScheme encryptionScheme, TrackType trackType, long periodIndex);

public enum class EncryptionScheme {
    CENC,
    CBC1,
    CENS,
    CBCS
};

public enum class DrmType {
    WIDEVINE = (1 << 0),
    PLAYREADY = (1 << 1),
    FAIRPLAY = (1 << 2),
    NCG = (1 << 3),
    HLS_NCG = (1 << 4),
};

public enum class TrackType {
    ALL_TRACKS,
    AUDIO = (1 << 0),
    SD = (1 << 1),
    HD = (1 << 2),
    UHD1 = (1 << 3),
    UHD2 = (1 << 4)
};
```

***DrmType*** and ***TrackType*** are bit flags with bitwise operations, so you can set multiple values using the OR(`|`) operator, such as `WIDEVINE|PLAYREADY` or `SD|HD|AUDIO`.

If you want to enable key rotation, you can set `key-rotation=true` to the Get parameter of KMS URL and put a value greater than 0 in `periodIndex`.



> NOTE : NCG and HLS_NCG types are only support single-key.



---------------------------------------

## **Output json data format**

The items of the output data includes all data such as hex encoded, base64 encoded, payload_only, etc. so that you can easily copy and paste it into each packaging service.

- **Single-key** sample

  ```json
  {
    "content_id": "demotest",
    "content_key_list": [
      {
        "key_id_hex": "CBBC38B6B50DAB53F8263E06B7382AA3",
        "key_id_b64": "y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow==",
        "key_hex": "32333232314537424546393634414439",
        "key_b64": "MjMyMjFFN0JFRjk2NEFEOQ==",
        "iv_hex": "30313233343536373839616263646566",
        "iv_b64": "MDEyMzQ1Njc4OWFiY2RlZg==",
        "widevine": {
          "pssh": "AAAATHBzc2gAAAAA7e+LqXnWSs6jyCfc1R0h7QAAACwIARIQy7w4trUNq1P4Jj4GtzgqoxoMaW5rYWVudHdvcmtzIghkZW1vdGVzdA==",
          "pssh_payload_only": "CAESEMu8OLa1DatT+CY+Brc4KqMaDGlua2FlbnR3b3JrcyIIZGVtb3Rlc3Q="
        },
        "playready": {
          "pssh": "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",
          "pssh_payload_only": "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"
        },
        "fairplay": {
          "key_uri": "skd://y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow=="
        }
      }
    ]
  }
  ```



#### The XML value in the CPIX Response that matches the key value in the json data

| Json key                                 | CPIX Response                                         |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| content_id                               | `id` attribute in **`<cpix:CPIX>`** tag               |
| key_id                                   | `kid` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag        |
| key                                      | Text value of **`<pskc:PlainValue>`** tag             |
| iv                                       | `explicitIV` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag |
| pssh (Widevine & PlayReady)              | Text value of **`<cpix:PSSH>`** tag                   |
| pssh_payload_only (Widevine & PlayReady) | Text value of **`<cpix:ContentProtectionData>`** tag  |
| key_uri (FairPlay)                       | Text value of **`<cpix:URIExtXKey>`** tag             |

For CPIX Response, please refer to [PallyCon CPIX API Guide](https://pallycon.com/docs/ko/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/).



---------------------------------------

## References

- [PallyCon CPIX Client Sample for C++](https://github.com/inka-pallycon/pallycon-cpix-api-client/tree/main/cpp)
- https://dashif-documents.azurewebsites.net/Cpix/master/Cpix.html
- https://pallycon.com/docs/en/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/

---------------------------------------
