python/README.md, before:

---------------------------------------
# PallyCon CPIX Client for Python
 This module shows the client code for CPIX communication with PallyCon KMS server in Python.



---------------------------------------
## Requirements

- KMS token

  - This is an API authentication token that is generated when you sign up PallyCon service.

- Python 3.9+

  - for [list](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/datastructures.html) and [dataclasses](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html). 
  - For lower versions, you can swap them out for other data types.

  


---------------------------------------
## How to test
1. Install [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. Clone or download this sample repository.
3. Enter the `enc_token` and `content_id` in the *app_sample.py* file.
4. Run *app_sample.py*.

   - `python ./app_sample.py`
   - There are a few python modules that may require installation, such as [Requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/).
5. If the sample runs successfully, it will show the response organized in JSON format on the console screen that was run, and also save this JSON data to a file.

   - Originally, CPIX Responses are received in XML format, but <u>for readability, the sample creates them in json format</u>.

   
---------------------------------------
## Function parameters

 You can set the parameters of the function based on the packaging scenario you require. 

```python
def get_content_key_info_from_pallycon_kms(self, content_id, drm_type
                                               , encryption_scheme=EncryptionScheme.CENC
                                               , track_type=TrackType.ALL_TRACKS
                                               , period_index=0)
```

***encryption_scheme*** and ***track_type*** are optional parameters that default to `CENC` and `ALL_TRACKS`(single-key) when nothing is entered.

If you want to enable key rotation, you can put a value greater than 0 in `period_index` which defaults to 0.



```python
class DrmType(Flag):
    WIDEVINE = auto()
    PLAYREADY = auto()
    FAIRPLAY = auto()
    NCG = auto()
    HLS_NCG = auto()
```

```python
class EncryptionScheme(Flag):
    CENC = auto()
    CBC1 = auto()
    CENS = auto()
    CBCS = auto()
```

```python
class TrackType(Flag):
    ALL_TRACKS = auto()
    AUDIO = auto()
    SD = auto()
    HD = auto()
    UHD1 = auto()
    UHD2 = auto()
```

You can set multiple values using the OR(`|`) operator, such as `WIDEVINE|PLAYREADY` or `SD|HD|AUDIO` for **DrmType** and **TrackType**.



> NOTE : NCG and HLS_NCG types are only support single-key.



---------------------------------------

## Output json data format

 The items of the output data includes all data such as hex encoded, base64 encoded, payload_only, etc. so that you can easily copy and paste it into each packaging service.

- **Single-key** sample

```json
{
  "content_id": "demotest",
  "content_key_list": [
    {
      "key_id_hex": "cbbc38b6b50dab53f8263e06b7382aa3",
      "key_id_b64": "y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow==",
      "key_hex": "959dbd673980e1d1bdf2d36209495f4e",
      "key_b64": "lZ29ZzmA4dG98tNiCUlfTg==",
      "iv_hex": "30313233343536373839616263646566",
      "iv_b64": "MDEyMzQ1Njc4OWFiY2RlZg==",
      "widevine": {
        "pssh": "AAAATHBzc2gAAAAA7e+LqXnWSs6jyCfc1R0h7QAAACwIARIQy7w4trUNq1P4Jj4GtzgqoxoMaW5rYWVudHdvcmtzIghkZW1vdGVzdA==",
        "pssh_payload_only": "CAESEMu8OLa1DatT+CY+Brc4KqMaDGlua2FlbnR3b3JrcyIIZGVtb3Rlc3Q="
      },
      "playready": {
        "pssh": "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",
        "pssh_payload_only": "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"
      },
      "fairplay": {
        "key_uri": "skd://y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow=="
      }
    }
  ]
}
```



#### The XML value in the CPIX Response that matches the key value in the json data

| Json key                                 | CPIX Response                                         |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| content_id                               | `id` attribute in **`<cpix:CPIX>`** tag               |
| key_id                                   | `kid` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag        |
| key                                      | Text value of **`<pskc:PlainValue>`** tag             |
| iv                                       | `explicitIV` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag |
| pssh (Widevine & PlayReady)              | Text value of **`<cpix:PSSH>`** tag                   |
| pssh_payload_only (Widevine & PlayReady) | Text value of **`<cpix:ContentProtectionData>`** tag  |
| key_uri (FairPlay)                       | Text value of **`<cpix:URIExtXKey>`** tag             |

For CPIX Response, please refer to [PallyCon CPIX API Guide](https://pallycon.com/docs/ko/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/).



---------------------------------------

## References
- https://dashif-documents.azurewebsites.net/Cpix/master/Cpix.html
- https://pallycon.com/docs/en/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/

---------------------------------------

Commit message:

v1.2.0 (#1)
* Fix to support builds on Linux OS

* Add #include <memory>

* Modify the interface of CpixClient class to allow users to enter Get parameter such as key-rotation and enc-token in the KMS URL.

* Update versioning

python/README.md, after:

---------------------------------------
# PallyCon CPIX Client for Python
 This module shows the client code for CPIX communication with PallyCon KMS server in Python.



---------------------------------------
## Requirements

- KMS token

  - This is an API authentication token that is generated when you sign up PallyCon service.

- Python 3.9+

  - for [list](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/datastructures.html) and [dataclasses](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html). 
  - For lower versions, you can swap them out for other data types.

  


---------------------------------------
## How to test
1. Install [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. Clone or download this sample repository.
3. Enter the `kms_url` and `content_id` in the *app_sample.py* file.
4. Run *app_sample.py*.

   - `python ./app_sample.py`
   - There are a few python modules that may require installation, such as [Requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/).
5. If the sample runs successfully, it will show the response organized in JSON format on the console screen that was run, and also save this JSON data to a file.

   - Originally, CPIX Responses are received in XML format, but <u>for readability, the sample creates them in json format</u>.

   
---------------------------------------
## Function parameters

 You can set the parameters of the function based on the packaging scenario you require. 

```python
def get_content_key_info_from_pallycon_kms(self, content_id, drm_type
                                               , encryption_scheme=EncryptionScheme.CENC
                                               , track_type=TrackType.ALL_TRACKS
                                               , period_index=0)
```

***encryption_scheme*** and ***track_type*** are optional parameters that default to `CENC` and `ALL_TRACKS`(single-key) when nothing is entered.

If you want to enable key rotation, you can set `key-rotation=true` to the Get parameter of KMS URL and put a value greater than 0 in `period_index` which defaults to 0.



```python
class DrmType(Flag):
    WIDEVINE = auto()
    PLAYREADY = auto()
    FAIRPLAY = auto()
    NCG = auto()
    HLS_NCG = auto()
```

```python
class EncryptionScheme(Flag):
    CENC = auto()
    CBC1 = auto()
    CENS = auto()
    CBCS = auto()
```

```python
class TrackType(Flag):
    ALL_TRACKS = auto()
    AUDIO = auto()
    SD = auto()
    HD = auto()
    UHD1 = auto()
    UHD2 = auto()
```

You can set multiple values using the OR(`|`) operator, such as `WIDEVINE|PLAYREADY` or `SD|HD|AUDIO` for **DrmType** and **TrackType**.



> NOTE : NCG and HLS_NCG types are only support single-key.



---------------------------------------

## Output json data format

 The items of the output data includes all data such as hex encoded, base64 encoded, payload_only, etc. so that you can easily copy and paste it into each packaging service.

- **Single-key** sample

```json
{
  "content_id": "demotest",
  "content_key_list": [
    {
      "key_id_hex": "cbbc38b6b50dab53f8263e06b7382aa3",
      "key_id_b64": "y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow==",
      "key_hex": "959dbd673980e1d1bdf2d36209495f4e",
      "key_b64": "lZ29ZzmA4dG98tNiCUlfTg==",
      "iv_hex": "30313233343536373839616263646566",
      "iv_b64": "MDEyMzQ1Njc4OWFiY2RlZg==",
      "widevine": {
        "pssh": "AAAATHBzc2gAAAAA7e+LqXnWSs6jyCfc1R0h7QAAACwIARIQy7w4trUNq1P4Jj4GtzgqoxoMaW5rYWVudHdvcmtzIghkZW1vdGVzdA==",
        "pssh_payload_only": "CAESEMu8OLa1DatT+CY+Brc4KqMaDGlua2FlbnR3b3JrcyIIZGVtb3Rlc3Q="
      },
      "playready": {
        "pssh": "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",
        "pssh_payload_only": "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"
      },
      "fairplay": {
        "key_uri": "skd://y7w4trUNq1P4Jj4Gtzgqow=="
      }
    }
  ]
}
```



#### The XML value in the CPIX Response that matches the key value in the json data

| Json key                                 | CPIX Response                                         |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| content_id                               | `id` attribute in **`<cpix:CPIX>`** tag               |
| key_id                                   | `kid` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag        |
| key                                      | Text value of **`<pskc:PlainValue>`** tag             |
| iv                                       | `explicitIV` attribute in **`<cpix:ContentKey>`** tag |
| pssh (Widevine & PlayReady)              | Text value of **`<cpix:PSSH>`** tag                   |
| pssh_payload_only (Widevine & PlayReady) | Text value of **`<cpix:ContentProtectionData>`** tag  |
| key_uri (FairPlay)                       | Text value of **`<cpix:URIExtXKey>`** tag             |

For CPIX Response, please refer to [PallyCon CPIX API Guide](https://pallycon.com/docs/ko/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/).



---------------------------------------

## References
- https://dashif-documents.azurewebsites.net/Cpix/master/Cpix.html
- https://pallycon.com/docs/en/multidrm/packaging/cpix-api/

---------------------------------------
